## Kindness is what the world needed the most


I come across this random post which honestly i don't remember and there was one comment under that post that caught my attention. In that comment this person said that "A small gesture of kindness could literally save someone's life" 

He said years ago he was planning to kill himself by jumping off a building from which he had access to the roof and then before he did that he said that young man he worked with pull him aside literally minutes before he start making his way to the roof floor, that young man said to him that   
he found his jokes regarding management funny as hell and it made him look forward to work because he made this young man laugh and that's when he realized that this young man save him by saying simple things yet valuable for him in that moment, which is realizing that his existence is matter; stopping him from the worst decision he will ever make.. He also said that he will always remember that young man who said that, because that young man already saved his life without him even knowing... 

The thing is we never know what other people are really going through in their lives what storms they are facing or what silent battles they are going through right now and i think that's already more than enough reasons why we should be kind always even though sometimes it might be hard. You also can break something in 2 seconds but it can take forever to fix it, a lifetime, generation. That's also why we have to be careful and gentle in this world.

If you are kind, probably people may accuse you of selfish ulterior motives, but be kind anyway. What you spent years building someone could destroy overnight, build anyway. The good thing you do today people will often forget tomorrow, do good anyway. Give the world the best you have and it may never be enough, give the world the best you've got anyway. Cause in the end of the day it is between you and your God anyway.

Be the reason someone believe in kindness is one of the nicest quote I've ever heard  I just hope that people who have been through  a lot this past few days weeks months or years will win that silent battle they told   
no one about. I hope everything is going to be alright and easier for them. God see  all of your struggles and tears, the point is why would He bring you this far to leave you? So please keep going there is always a reason behind everything that happens in our lives and you are greater than you think you are, you got this you've always have.

[[Life Notes]]
#lifenotes 